com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListAttendanceAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListAttendanceAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAttendanceBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAttendanceBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemMemberBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemMemberBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentMemberProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentMemberProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemPicApplicationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemPicApplicationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentResetPasswordBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentResetPasswordBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentSelectPromotionBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentSelectPromotionBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/data/local/dao/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$10
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$11
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$12
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$13
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$14
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$2
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$3
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$4
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$5
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$6
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$7
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$8
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.UserDao_Impl$9
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemCustomerInfoBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemCustomerInfoBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentTermBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentTermBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogVideoBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogVideoBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentLoadmoreRefreshToolbarBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentLoadmoreRefreshToolbarBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemOrderBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemOrderBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailCustomerBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailCustomerBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListImageBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListImageBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/application/ApplicationFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.application.ApplicationFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/reportCompetitor/ReportCompetitorFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.reportCompetitor.ReportCompetitorFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailPicJobBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailPicJobBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportTracking/detailTask/DetailReportTrackingAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportTracking.detailTask.DetailReportTrackingAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/attendance/listTask/ListAttendanceAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.attendance.listTask.ListAttendanceAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailAttendanceAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailAttendanceAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemManagementTaskBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemManagementTaskBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportTimeBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportTimeBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/createApplication/CreateApplicationFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.createApplication.CreateApplicationFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListImageBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListImageBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailGroupUserBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailGroupUserBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/utils/GPSTracker.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.utils.GPSTracker
 com.crayon.fieldapp.utils.GPSTracker$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.utils.GPSTracker$2
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListPicApplicationsBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListPicApplicationsBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailTaskBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailTaskBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemManageStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemManageStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/CustomDatepickerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.CustomDatepickerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/attendance/detailTask/DetailAttendanceAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.attendance.detailTask.DetailAttendanceAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemAttributesBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemAttributesBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemUserBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemUserBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListJobRequestBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListJobRequestBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogSelectProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogSelectProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/endShift/ReportEndShiftFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.endShift.ReportEndShiftFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/splash/SplashFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.splash.SplashFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailAttendance/DetailAttendanceFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailAttendance.DetailAttendanceFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportUpdateStatusBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportUpdateStatusBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemJobMonitorAttendanceBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemJobMonitorAttendanceBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListEmployeeBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListEmployeeBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogAddNoteBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogAddNoteBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemGroupTimekeepingBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemGroupTimekeepingBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentProfileContainerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentProfileContainerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailUpdateStatusAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailUpdateStatusAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportEndshiftBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportEndshiftBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.crayon.fieldapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.crayon.fieldapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentContactBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentContactBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemProductBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemProductBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/utils/GlideOptions.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.utils.GlideOptions
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentApplicationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentApplicationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemMediaBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemMediaBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentContactBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentContactBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailReportSalesAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailReportSalesAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/avatar/AvatarFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.avatar.AvatarFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportCompetitor/listTask/ListReportCompetitorAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportCompetitor.listTask.ListReportCompetitorAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemTodayShiftBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemTodayShiftBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAddReportBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAddReportBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogSelectProductBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogSelectProductBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageAttendanceBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageAttendanceBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageEmployeeBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageEmployeeBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemCompetitorBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemCompetitorBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemGiftInfoBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemGiftInfoBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailGroupStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailGroupStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentJobContainerBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentJobContainerBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentJobBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentJobBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListPicNotificationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListPicNotificationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListReportCompetitorAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListReportCompetitorAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/data/local/dao/JobDao_Impl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$10
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$11
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$12
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$13
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$14
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$15
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$16
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$17
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$18
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$2
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$3
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$4
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$5
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$6
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$7
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$8
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.JobDao_Impl$9
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAddMemberProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAddMemberProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemTrackingUserBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemTrackingUserBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemJobRequestListBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemJobRequestListBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemMyAttendanceBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemMyAttendanceBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailAttachmentBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailAttachmentBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemUpdateStatusBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemUpdateStatusBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/utils/GlideRequest.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.utils.GlideRequest
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportUpdateStatusBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportUpdateStatusBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/JobLoadStateFooterViewItemBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.JobLoadStateFooterViewItemBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListReportSalesAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListReportSalesAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentMemberGroupUserBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentMemberGroupUserBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentHomeContainerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentHomeContainerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCreateTaskBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCreateTaskBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemImageBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemImageBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentInfoBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentInfoBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailOrderBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailOrderBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAddOrderBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAddOrderBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectProductBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectProductBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/updateStatus/listTask/ListUpdateStatusAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.updateStatus.listTask.ListUpdateStatusAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListManagementApplicationsBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListManagementApplicationsBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCameraxBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCameraxBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSwitchShiftRequestBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSwitchShiftRequestBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageReportCompetitorBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageReportCompetitorBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListGroupEmployeeBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListGroupEmployeeBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListAttendanceAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListAttendanceAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/job/JobFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.job.JobFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListManagementApplicationsBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListManagementApplicationsBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/MonitorFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.MonitorFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAvatarBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAvatarBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/attendance/ManageAttendanceFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.attendance.ManageAttendanceFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailOrderBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailOrderBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemUserBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemUserBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentVerifyOtpStep2Binding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentVerifyOtpStep2Binding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSimpleSpinnerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSimpleSpinnerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/reportSales/addOrder/AddOrderFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.reportSales.addOrder.AddOrderFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailUserBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailUserBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/employee/ManageEmployeeFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.employee.ManageEmployeeFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListPicApplicationsBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListPicApplicationsBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentExportGiftBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentExportGiftBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentHomeContainerBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentHomeContainerBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListAttributesBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListAttributesBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/data/local/dao/ProjectDao_Impl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$10
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$11
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$12
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$13
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$14
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$15
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$2
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$3
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$4
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$5
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$6
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$7
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$8
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.ProjectDao_Impl$9
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportTracking/listTask/ListReportTrackingAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportTracking.listTask.ListReportTrackingAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentInputBillBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentInputBillBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemMemberRequestBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemMemberRequestBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageUpdateStatusBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageUpdateStatusBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListProductBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListProductBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportSales/listTask/ListReportSalesAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportSales.listTask.ListReportSalesAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailAttachmentBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailAttachmentBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogPickPhotoBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogPickPhotoBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/privacy/PrivacyFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.privacy.PrivacyFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListAttributesBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListAttributesBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/requireLogin/RequireLoginFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.requireLogin.RequireLoginFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/attendance/AttendanceFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.attendance.AttendanceFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/changeGift/ChangeGiftFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.changeGift.ChangeGiftFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentJobProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentJobProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/updateStatus/detailTask/DetailUpdateStatusAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.updateStatus.detailTask.DetailUpdateStatusAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentProfileBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageReportTrackingBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageReportTrackingBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailAttendanceAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailAttendanceAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ControlCalendarBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ControlCalendarBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ControlCalendarDayBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ControlCalendarDayBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentJobContainerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentJobContainerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailTaskAttendanceBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailTaskAttendanceBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentImportGiftBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentImportGiftBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemGroupStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemGroupStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/changeGift/addCustomer/AddCustomerFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.changeGift.addCustomer.AddCustomerFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCreateJobBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCreateJobBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportCompetitorBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportCompetitorBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/CustomMainTabBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.CustomMainTabBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/bank/BankFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.bank.BankFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectProductBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectProductBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageEmployeeBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageEmployeeBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListMyJobBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListMyJobBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageNotificationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageNotificationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentInfoBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentInfoBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentPrivacyBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentPrivacyBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/reportCompetitor/addReport/AddReportFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.reportCompetitor.addReport.AddReportFragmentDirections
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportCompetitorBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportCompetitorBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemStoreGroupStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemStoreGroupStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAddOrderBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAddOrderBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailGroupUserBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailGroupUserBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentChangeGiftBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentChangeGiftBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/profile/ProfileFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.profile.ProfileFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentMonitorBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentMonitorBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailReportSalesAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailReportSalesAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/calendar/CalendarFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.calendar.CalendarFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemManagementApplicationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemManagementApplicationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemFilterStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemFilterStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportSales/ManageReportSalesFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportSales.ManageReportSalesFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailAttendanceBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailAttendanceBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentRequireLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentRequireLoginBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationContainerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationContainerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemGridMenuBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemGridMenuBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCalendarBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCalendarBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemNotificationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemNotificationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/contact/ContactFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.contact.ContactFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageApplicationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageApplicationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageReportCompetitorBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageReportCompetitorBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailReportCompetitorAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailReportCompetitorAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSimpleBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSimpleBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportCompetitor/detailTask/DetailReportCompetitorAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportCompetitor.detailTask.DetailReportCompetitorAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemFilterStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemFilterStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportCompetitor/ManageReportCompetitorFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportCompetitor.ManageReportCompetitorFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentApplicationApprovedBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentApplicationApprovedBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailPicJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailPicJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemReportProductBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemReportProductBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemMemberBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemMemberBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogTimekeepingBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogTimekeepingBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageNotificationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageNotificationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogPickPhotoBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogPickPhotoBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemDetailGroupBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemDetailGroupBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/reportSales/detailOrder/DetailOrderFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.reportSales.detailOrder.DetailOrderFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentStoreProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentStoreProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentStoreProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentStoreProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogEditPriceBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogEditPriceBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListReportTrackingAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListReportTrackingAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailProject/createTask/CreateTaskFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailProject.createTask.CreateTaskFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailNotificationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailNotificationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/resetPassword/ResetPasswordFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.resetPassword.ResetPasswordFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemAddStoreToProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemAddStoreToProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailPicJob/DetailPicJobFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailPicJob.DetailPicJobFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAddCustomerBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAddCustomerBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemManageJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemManageJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentMemberProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentMemberProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/attendance/AttendanceFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.attendance.AttendanceFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSwitchShiftRequestBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSwitchShiftRequestBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListUpdateStatusAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListUpdateStatusAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCreateApplicationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCreateApplicationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/verifyOtp/VerifyOtpFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.verifyOtp.VerifyOtpFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageReportTrackingBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageReportTrackingBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectMemberBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectMemberBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentInputNameBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentInputNameBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentForgotBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentForgotBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentBankBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentBankBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/report/ReportFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.report.ReportFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListMyJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListMyJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/DetailTaskFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.DetailTaskFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemAddMemberToProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemAddMemberToProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentProjectInProgressBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentProjectInProgressBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAvatarBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAvatarBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentForgotBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentForgotBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectUserBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectUserBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailProject/createJob/CreateJobFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailProject.createJob.CreateJobFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/camera/CameraXFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.camera.CameraXFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageApplicationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageApplicationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectUserBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectUserBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailCustomerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailCustomerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailProject/member/MemberProjectFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailProject.member.MemberProjectFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogFilterStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogFilterStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailUpdateStatusAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailUpdateStatusAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailAttachment/DetailAttachmentFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailAttachment.DetailAttachmentFragmentDirections
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemPicApplicationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemPicApplicationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemStoreGroupStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemStoreGroupStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/data/local/dao/StoreDao_Impl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$10
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$11
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$12
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$13
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$14
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$2
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$3
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$4
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$5
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$6
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$7
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$8
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.StoreDao_Impl$9
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailGroupStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailGroupStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListPicNotificationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListPicNotificationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListReportCompetitorAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListReportCompetitorAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemReportFeedbackBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemReportFeedbackBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailAttendanceBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailAttendanceBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemTodayJobBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemTodayJobBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemPromotionInfoBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemPromotionInfoBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentInputBillBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentInputBillBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListEmployeeBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListEmployeeBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemCutomerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemCutomerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.BuildConfig
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemGroupUserBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemGroupUserBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/project/ManageProjectFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.project.ManageProjectFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListUpdateStatusAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListUpdateStatusAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogOtpSuccessBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogOtpSuccessBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/login/LoginFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.login.LoginFragmentDirections
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.login.LoginFragmentDirections$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.login.LoginFragmentDirections$ToVerify
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCreateTaskBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCreateTaskBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/verifyOtp/VerifyOtpFragmentArgs.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.verifyOtp.VerifyOtpFragmentArgs
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.verifyOtp.VerifyOtpFragmentArgs$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.verifyOtp.VerifyOtpFragmentArgs$Builder
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationSentBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationSentBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemSelectStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemSelectStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListJobRequestBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListJobRequestBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailProject/DetailProjectFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailProject.DetailProjectFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailReportTrackingAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailReportTrackingAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentSelectProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentSelectProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationSentBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationSentBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportSalesBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportSalesBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentTermBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentTermBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentLoadmoreRefreshBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentLoadmoreRefreshBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/store/ManageStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.store.ManageStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCalendarBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCalendarBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentSelectPromotionBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentSelectPromotionBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailManagementJob/DetailManagementJobFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailManagementJob.DetailManagementJobFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentSplashBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentSplashBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentLoadmoreRefreshToolbarBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentLoadmoreRefreshToolbarBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentRegisterBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentRegisterBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCreateApplicationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCreateApplicationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportTimeBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportTimeBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemTodayJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemTodayJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogImageBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogImageBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemGroupStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemGroupStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailUser/DetailUserFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailUser.DetailUserFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportTracking/ManageReportTrackingFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportTracking.ManageReportTrackingFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/data/local/dao/GroupStoreDao_Impl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$10
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$11
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$12
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$13
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$14
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$2
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$3
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$4
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$5
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$6
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$7
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$8
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupStoreDao_Impl$9
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailGroupStore/DetailGroupFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailGroupStore.DetailGroupFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailTaskAttendanceBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailTaskAttendanceBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemAddMemberToProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemAddMemberToProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentChangeGiftBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentChangeGiftBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAddCustomerBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAddCustomerBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentMonitorBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentMonitorBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAttendanceBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAttendanceBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentApplicationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentApplicationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogFilterRoleBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogFilterRoleBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/LayoutLoadingDialogBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.LayoutLoadingDialogBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageReportSalesBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageReportSalesBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageAttendanceBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageAttendanceBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/utils/GlideApp.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.utils.GlideApp
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemPromotionBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemPromotionBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentJobProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentJobProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/store/listStore/detail/DetailStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.store.listStore.detail.DetailStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageUpdateStatusBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageUpdateStatusBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentProfileContainerBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentProfileContainerBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemCityBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemCityBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/selectProject/SelectProjectFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.selectProject.SelectProjectFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentImportGiftBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentImportGiftBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentBankBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentBankBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentExportGiftBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentExportGiftBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/widgets/MoneyTextWatcher.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.widgets.MoneyTextWatcher
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentFilterJobBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentFilterJobBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailManagementJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailManagementJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListGroupBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListGroupBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/main/MainFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.main.MainFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentVerifyOtpBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentVerifyOtpBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/widgets/PinEntryEditText.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.widgets.PinEntryEditText
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.widgets.PinEntryEditText$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.widgets.PinEntryEditText$2
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/term/TermFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.term.TermFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListGroupEmployeeBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListGroupEmployeeBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemManagementApplicationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemManagementApplicationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailReportTrackingAtStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailReportTrackingAtStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/widgets/NonSwipeViewPager.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.widgets.NonSwipeViewPager
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.widgets.NonSwipeViewPager$MyScroller
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailReportCompetitorAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailReportCompetitorAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/register/RegisterFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.register.RegisterFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemFeedbackBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemFeedbackBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentVerifyOtpBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentVerifyOtpBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/updateStatus/ManageUpdateStatusFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.updateStatus.ManageUpdateStatusFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemGroupJobRequestBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemGroupJobRequestBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemStoreBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemStoreBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAddMemberProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAddMemberProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemOrderBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemOrderBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailNotificationBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailNotificationBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemFilterBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemFilterBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemManagementTaskBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemManagementTaskBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentAddReportBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentAddReportBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailGroupUser/DetailGroupUserFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailGroupUser.DetailGroupUserFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentMemberGroupUserBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentMemberGroupUserBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentInputNameBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentInputNameBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemNotificationBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemNotificationBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/utils/FileManager.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.utils.FileManager
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailManagementJobBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailManagementJobBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailNotification/DetailNotificationFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailNotification.DetailNotificationFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemMemberRequestBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemMemberRequestBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemAttendanceBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemAttendanceBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentProjectInProgressBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentProjectInProgressBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/changeGift/detailCustomer/DetailCustomerFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.changeGift.detailCustomer.DetailCustomerFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailProject/manageJob/ManageJobProjectFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailProject.manageJob.ManageJobProjectFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/BR.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.BR
com/crayon/fieldapp/MainNavDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.MainNavDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportSalesBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportSalesBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailProject/addMember/AddMemberProjectFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailProject.addMember.AddMemberProjectFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentReportEndshiftBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentReportEndshiftBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailTaskBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailTaskBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListGroupBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListGroupBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentManageReportSalesBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentManageReportSalesBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/utils/GlideRequests.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.utils.GlideRequests
com/crayon/fieldapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListReportSalesAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListReportSalesAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentDetailUserBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentDetailUserBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemAttendanceBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemAttendanceBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentRequireLoginBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentRequireLoginBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailProject/addStore/StoreProjectFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailProject.addStore.StoreProjectFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/notification/NotificationFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.notification.NotificationFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemTaskBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemTaskBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/notification/ManageNotificationFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.notification.ManageNotificationFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentVerifyOtpStep2BindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentVerifyOtpStep2BindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentResetPasswordBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentResetPasswordBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentPrivacyBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentPrivacyBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationContainerBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationContainerBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogOtpFailedBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogOtpFailedBinding
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentSelectProjectBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentSelectProjectBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/reportSales/detailTask/DetailReportSalesAtStoreFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.reportSales.detailTask.DetailReportSalesAtStoreFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/data/local/db/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.db.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.db.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemPromotionBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemPromotionBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/forgot/ForgotPasswordFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.forgot.ForgotPasswordFragmentDirections
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.forgot.ForgotPasswordFragmentDirections$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.forgot.ForgotPasswordFragmentDirections$ActionForgotPasswordFragmentToVerify
com/crayon/fieldapp/data/local/dao/GroupUserDao_Impl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$1
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$10
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$11
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$12
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$13
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$14
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$2
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$3
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$4
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$5
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$6
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$7
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$8
 com.crayon.fieldapp.data.local.dao.GroupUserDao_Impl$9
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemGroupUserBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemGroupUserBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/monitor/application/ManageApplicationFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.monitor.application.ManageApplicationFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentFilterJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentFilterJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListProductBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListProductBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentApplicationApprovedBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentApplicationApprovedBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListProjectBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListProjectBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentListReportTrackingAtStoreBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentListReportTrackingAtStoreBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/info/InfoFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.info.InfoFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemBillInfoBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemBillInfoBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/reportSales/ReportSalesFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.reportSales.ReportSalesFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentCreateJobBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentCreateJobBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/ui/screen/detailTask/updateStatus/ReportUpdateStatusFragmentDirections.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.ui.screen.detailTask.updateStatus.ReportUpdateStatusFragmentDirections
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/ItemDetailGroupBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.ItemDetailGroupBindingImpl
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentLoadmoreRefreshBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentLoadmoreRefreshBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/DialogSelectAgencyBinding.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.DialogSelectAgencyBinding
com/crayon/fieldapp/databinding/FragmentMainBindingImpl.java
 com.crayon.fieldapp.databinding.FragmentMainBindingImpl
